<h1>0x02. C - Functions, nested loops C </h1>

<h2>Tasks </h2>

<strong>0. _putchar : </strong> program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line. </br>
<strong>1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game: </strong> function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.  </br>
<strong>2. 10 x alphabet : </strong> function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.  </br>
<strong>3. islower : </strong> function that checks for lowercase character. </br>
<strong>4. isalpha : </strong> function that checks for alphabetic character.  </br>
<strong>5. Sign : </strong> function that prints the sign of a number.  </br>
<strong>6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you : </strong>function that computes the absolute value of an integer.  </br>
<strong>7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important : </strong>function that prints the last digit of a number.  </br>
<strong>8. I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life : </strong> function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.  </br>
<strong>9. Learn your times table : </strong>function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.  </br>
<strong>10. a + b : </strong>function that adds two integers and returns the result.  </br>
<strong>11. 98 Battery Street, the OG : </strong>function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.  </br>
<h3>Advanced Tasks</h3>
<strong>12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself : </strong> function that prints the n times table, starting with 0. </br>
<strong>13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women : </strong> program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.  </br>
<strong>14. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A : </strong>program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2  </br>
<strong>15. Even Liber Abbaci : </strong>Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms  </br>
<strong>16. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+ </strong> program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and  2 </br>

